Add brand new README documentation for the Integration Service (#79)
eProsima/Integration-Service: README.md

```
~/is_ws$ integration-service <filename>.yaml
```

It is recommended to use [colcon](https://colcon.readthedocs.io/en/released/) to build and install the
*Integration Service* executable and its associated middleware plugins; for more information, please refer to
the `Installation manual` section in the [documentation](#documentation) chapter of this document.

# Configuration

The *Integration Service* can be configured during runtime by means of a dedicated **YAML** file.
This YAML configuration file must follow a specific syntax, this meaning that several sections
are required for it to sucessfully configure and launch an *Integration Service* instance;
while others are optional. Both of them are listed and reviewed here:

* `types` *(optional)*: It allows to list the [IDL](https://www.omg.org/spec/IDL/4.2/About-IDL/)
  types used by the *Integration Service* to later define the topics and services types which will
  take part in the communication process.

  This field can be omitted for certain *Integration Service* instances where one or more *System
  Handles* already include static type definitions and its corresponding transformation libraries

>   (*Middleware Interface Extenion* or *mix* files).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (*Middleware Interface Extension* or *mix* files).
```

  ```yaml
    types:
      idls:
        - >
          #include <GoodbyeWorld.idl>
          struct HelloWorld
          {
            string data;
            GoodbyeWorld bye;
          };
      paths: [ "/home/idl_files/goodbyeworld/" ]
  ```

  <details>
  <summary>Several parameters can be configured within this section: <i>(click to expand)</i></summary>

>     * `idls`: List of IDL type definitions which can be directly embedded within the configuration file. If the *types* section is defined, this subsection is mandatory. The type can be entirely defined within the YAML file, or can be included from a preexisting IDL file; for the latter, the system path containing where the IDL file is stored must be placed into the `paths` section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `idls`: List of IDL type definitions that can be directly embedded within the configuration file. If the *types* section is defined, this subsection is mandatory. The type can be entirely defined within the YAML file, or can be included from a preexisting IDL file; for the latter, the system path containing where the IDL file is stored must be placed into the `paths` section.
```

>     * `paths` *(optional):* Using this parameter, an existing IDL type written in a separate file can be included within the *Integration Service* types section. If the IDL path is not listed here, the `#include` preprocessor directive will fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `paths` *(optional):* Using this parameter, an existing IDL type written in a separate file can be included within the *Integration Service* types section. If the IDL path is not listed here, the previous subsection `#include` preprocessor directive will fail.
```

  </details>

* `systems`: Specifies which middlewares will be involved in the communication process, allowing
  to configure them individually.

  Some configuration parameters are common for all of the supported middlewares within the
  *Integration Service* ecosystem; while others are specific of each middleware. To see which
  parameters can be tuned for a certain middleware, please refer to its dedicated *README* section
  in its corresponding GitHub repository, under the name of `https://github.com/eProsima/<MW_NAME>-SH`.

  ```yaml
    systems:
      foo: { type: foo }
      bar: { type: bar, types-from: foo }
  ```

  <details>
  <summary>In relation to the common parameters, their behaviour is explained in the following section: <i>(click to expand)</i></summary>

>     * `type`: Middleware or protocol kind. Up to this time, supported middlewares are: *Fast DDS*, *ROS1*, *ROS2* and *WebSocket*.

Reviewer: This sentence is a bit confusing, because you say that in the type you have to specify the middleware and which ones we support, but that is not the syntax to use.

<a href="http://www.eprosima.com"><img src="docs/images/logo.png" hspace="8" vspace="2" height="100" ></a>

# Introduction
[![Integration Service CI Status](https://github.com/eProsima/Integration-Service/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/eProsima/Integration-Service/actions)

> The *eProsima Integration Service* is a **Linux** tool that enables communication among

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*eProsima Integration Service* is a **Linux** tool that enables communication among
```

an arbitrary number of protocols that speak different languages.

> This project was born as a conjoint effort between [Open Robotics](https://www.openrobotics.org/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This project was born as a joint effort between [Open Robotics](https://www.openrobotics.org/)
```

and [eProsima](https://eprosima.com), which nowadays is in charge of maintaining it.

![Integration Service general architecture](docs/images/general-architecture.png)

> These languages are translated to a common representation language which follows the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It works by translating the languages of the systems involved to a common representation language that follows the
```

[Extensible and Dynamic Topic Types for DDS](https://www.omg.org/spec/DDS-XTypes/About-DDS-XTypes/)

> (**xTypes**) standard by the [OMG](https://www.omg.org/); specifically, the *Integration Service*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
(**xTypes**) standard by the [OMG](https://www.omg.org/); specifically, *Integration Service*
```

bases its intercommunication abilities on eProsima's open source implementation
for the *xTypes* protocol, that is, [eProsima xTypes](https://github.com/eProsima/xtypes).

> 

Reviewer 2: The translation is mediated by system-specific plugins, or **System Handles**, allowing to communicate the middlewares involved with the core, that speaks the common *xTypes* representation language.
This is carried out by interfacing each entity in the user application with a complimentary "mirror" proxy in the **System Handle** (SH), able to communicate with the former according to either a pub/sub or service pattern. Namely:
* A subscriber in the SH for a publisher in the user app
* A publisher in the SH for a subscriber in the user app
* A client in the SH for a server in the user app
* A server in the SH for a client in the user app

Author: this makes perfect sense here :partying_face:

> The *Integration Service* can be launched using the command line, as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Integration Service* can be launched using the command line, as follows:
```

```
~/is_ws$ integration-service <filename>.yaml
```

It is recommended to use [colcon](https://colcon.readthedocs.io/en/released/) to build and install the
*Integration Service* executable and its associated middleware plugins; for more information, please refer to
the `Installation manual` section in the [documentation](#documentation) chapter of this document.

# Configuration

The *Integration Service* can be configured during runtime by means of a dedicated **YAML** file.

> This YAML configuration file must follow a specific syntax, this meaning that several sections

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This configuration file must follow a specific syntax, meaning that it is required that a number of compulsory sections
```

> are required for it to sucessfully configure and launch an *Integration Service* instance;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
are opportunely filled for it to successfully configure and launch an *Integration Service* instance,
```

> while others are optional. Both of them are listed and reviewed here:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
while others are optional. Both kinds are listed and reviewed below:
```

* `types` *(optional)*: It allows to list the [IDL](https://www.omg.org/spec/IDL/4.2/About-IDL/)
  types used by the *Integration Service* to later define the topics and services types which will
  take part in the communication process.

  This field can be omitted for certain *Integration Service* instances where one or more *System

>   Handles* already include static type definitions and its corresponding transformation libraries

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Handles* already include(s) static type definitions and their corresponding transformation libraries
```

  (*Middleware Interface Extension* or *mix* files).

  ```yaml
    types:
      idls:
        - >
          #include <GoodbyeWorld.idl>
          struct HelloWorld
          {
            string data;
            GoodbyeWorld bye;
          };
      paths: [ "/home/idl_files/goodbyeworld/" ]
  ```

  <details>
  <summary>Several parameters can be configured within this section: <i>(click to expand)</i></summary>

>     * `idls`: List of IDL type definitions that can be directly embedded within the configuration file. If the *types* section is defined, this subsection is mandatory. The type can be entirely defined within the YAML file, or can be included from a preexisting IDL file; for the latter, the system path containing where the IDL file is stored must be placed into the `paths` section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * `idls`: List of IDL type definitions that can be directly embedded within the configuration file. If the `types` section is defined, this subsection is mandatory. The type can be entirely defined within the YAML file, or can be included from a preexisting IDL file; for the latter, the system path containing where the IDL file is stored must be placed into the `paths` section described below.
```

    * `paths` *(optional):* Using this parameter, an existing IDL type written in a separate file can be included within the *Integration Service* types section. If the IDL path is not listed here, the previous subsection `#include` preprocessor directive will fail.

  </details>

* `systems`: Specifies which middlewares will be involved in the communication process, allowing
  to configure them individually.

  Some configuration parameters are common for all of the supported middlewares within the
  *Integration Service* ecosystem; while others are specific of each middleware. To see which

>   parameters can be tuned for a certain middleware, please refer to its dedicated *README* section

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  parameters are relevant for a certain middleware, please refer to its dedicated *README* section
```

  in its corresponding GitHub repository, under the name of `https://github.com/eProsima/<MW_NAME>-SH`.

  ```yaml
    systems:
      foo: { type: foo }
      bar: { type: bar, types-from: foo }
  ```

  <details>
  <summary>In relation to the common parameters, their behaviour is explained in the following section: <i>(click to expand)</i></summary>

>     * `type`: Middleware or protocol kind. Up to this time, supported middlewares are: *fastdds*, *ros1*, *ros2*, *websocket_server* and *websocket_client*. There is also a *mock* option, mostly used

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * `type`: Middleware or protocol kind. To date, the supported middlewares are: *fastdds*, *ros1*, *ros2*, *websocket_server* and *websocket_client*. There is also a *mock* option, mostly used
```

    for testing purposes.

>     * `types-from` *(optional)*: Allows certain system to inherit types from another system. This allows to use types defined within *Middleware Interface Extension* files for a certain middleware onto another middleware, without the need of duplicating them or writing an equivalent IDL type for the rest of systems.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * `types-from` *(optional)*: Configures the types inheritance from a given system to another. This allows to use types defined within *Middleware Interface Extension* files for a middleware into another, without the need of duplicating them or writing an equivalent IDL type for the rest of systems.
```

  </details>

> * `routes`: In this section, a list must be introduced, corresponding to which bridges the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `routes`: In this section, a list must be introduced, corresponding to which bridges are needed by
```

>   *Integration Service* needs to create in order to fulfill the intercommunication requirements

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  *Integration Service* in order to fulfill the intercommunication requirements
```

  for a specific use case.

>   At least one route is required; otherwise, running the *Integration Service* would be useless.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  At least one route is required; otherwise, running *Integration Service* would be useless.
```

  ```yaml
    routes:
      foo_to_bar: { from: foo, to: bar }
      bar_to_foo: { from: bar, to: foo }
      foo_server: { server: foo, clients: bar }
      bar_server: { server: bar, clients: foo }
  ```

  <details>

>   <summary>There are two kinds of routes, corresponding to publication/subscription paradigm and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  <summary>There are two kinds of routes, corresponding to either a publication/subscription paradigm or a
```

  server/client paradigm: <i>(click to expand)</i></summary>

>   * `from` - `to`: Define a route **from** one (or several) system(s) **to** one (or several) system(s).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * `from` - `to`: Defines a route **from** one (or several) system(s) **to** one (or several) system(s).
```

>     A `from` system expects to connect a publisher user application with a `to` system subscription user application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    A `from` system expects to connect a publisher user application with a subscriber user application in the `to` system.
```

>   * `server` - `clients`: Define a request/reply architecture in which there are one or several

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * `server` - `clients`: Defines a route for a request/reply architecture in which there are one or several
```

    **clients** which forward request petitions and listen to responses coming from a **server**,
    which must be unique for each service route.
  </details>

* `topics`: Specifies the topics exchanged over the `routes` listed above corresponding to the
  publication-subscription paradigm. The topics must be specified in the form of a YAML dictionary,
  meaning that two topics can never have the same name.

>   For each topic, some configuration parameters are common for all of the supported middlewares within the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  For each topic, some configuration parameters are common for all the supported middlewares within the
```

  *Integration Service* ecosystem; while others are specific of each middleware. To see which topic

>   parameters can be tuned for a certain middleware, please refer to its dedicated *README* section

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  parameters must/can be configured for a certain middleware, please refer to its dedicated *README* section
```

  in its corresponding GitHub repository, under the name of `https://github.com/eProsima/<MW_NAME>-SH`.

  ```yaml
    topics:
      hello_foo:
        type: HelloWorld
        route: bar_to_foo
      hello_bar:
        type: HelloWorld
        route: foo_to_bar
        remap: { bar: { topic: HelloBar } }
  ```

  <details>
  <summary>In relation to the common parameters, their behaviour is explained below: <i>(click to expand)</i></summary>

  * `type`: The topic type name. This type must be defined in the `types` section of the YAML

>     configuration file, or must be loaded by means of a `Middleware Interface Extension` file

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    configuration file, or it must be loaded by means of a `Middleware Interface Extension` file
```

>     by any of the middleware plugins involved in the communication process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    by any of the middleware plugins or **System Handles** involved in the communication process.
```

>   * `route`: Communication bridge to be used for this topic. The route must be defined in the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * `route`: Communication bridge to be used for this topic. The route must be one among those defined in the
```

    `routes` section described above.

  * `remap` *(optional):* Allows to establish equivalences between the **topic** name and its **type**,
    for any of the middlewares defined in the used route. This means that the topic name and

>     type name may vary in each user application endpoint that is desired to be bridged, but,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    type name may vary in each user application endpoint that is being bridged, but,
```

    as long as the type definition is equivalent, the communication will still be possible.
  </details>

> * `services`: Allows to define which services will the *Integration Service* be in charge of

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `services`: Allows to define the services that *Integration Service* will be in charge of
```

  bridging, according to the service `routes` listed above for the client/server paradigm.
  The services must be specified in the form of a YAML dictionary, meaning that two services can
  never have the same name.

  For each service, some configuration parameters are common for all of the supported middlewares
  within the *Integration Service* ecosystem; while others are specific of each middleware.

>   To see which parameters can be tuned for a certain middleware in the context of a service

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  To see which parameters must/can be configured for a certain middleware in the context of a service
```

  definition, please refer to its dedicated *README* section in its corresponding GitHub repository,
  under the name of `https://github.com/eProsima/<MW_NAME>-SH`.

  ```yaml
  services:
    serve_foo:
      request_type: FooRequest
      reply_type: FooReply
      route: foo_server
    serve_bar:
      request_type: BarRequest
      reply_type: BarReply
      route: bar_server
      remap: { foo: { request_type: bar_req, reply_type: bar_repl, topic: ServeBar } }
  ```

  <details>
  <summary>Regarding the common parameters, they differ slightly from the `topics` section: <i>(click to expand)</i></summary>

  * `type` *(optional):* The service type. As services usually are composed of a request and a reply, this field
    only makes sense for those services which consist solely of a request action with no reply.
    Usually, within the `services` context, it is not used at all.

  * `request_type`: The service request type. This type must be defined in the `types` section of the YAML
    configuration file, or must be loaded by means of a `Middleware Interface Extension` file

>     by any of the middleware plugins involved in the communication process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    by any of the middleware plugins, or **System Handles**, involved in the communication process.
```

  * `reply_type`: The service reply type. This type must be defined in the `types` section of the YAML
    configuration file, or must be loaded by means of a `Middleware Interface Extension` file

>     by any of the middleware plugins involved in the communication process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    by any of the middleware plugins, or **System Handles**, involved in the communication process.
```

>   * `route`: Communication bridge to be used for this service. The route must be defined in the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * `route`: Communication bridge to be used for this service. The route must be one among those defined in the
```

    `routes` section described above and must be a route composed of a *server* and one or more *clients*.

  * `remap` *(optional):* Allows to establish equivalences between the **service** name (*topic* field) and its
    **request and reply type**, for any of the middlewares defined in the used route.
    This means that the service name and types names may vary in each user application endpoint

>     that is desired to be bridged, but, as long as the type definition is equivalent, the communication will still be possible.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    that is being bridged, but, as long as the type definition is equivalent, the communication will still be possible.
```

  </details>

Finally, it is important to remark that both the `services` and `topics` sections are not mandatory,
meaning that an *Integration Service* instance can be launched only for publication/subscription

> bridging, or solely to perform service bridging communications. However, they are not exclusive,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
bridging, or solely to perform service type communications. However, they are not exclusive,
```

and can coexist under the same YAML configuration file.
# Supported middlewares and protocols

> All of the currently protocols are integrated within the *Integration Service*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All of the currently protocols are integrated within *Integration Service*
```

> by means of dedicated plugins or *System Handles*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
by means of dedicated plugins or **System Handles**.
```

> The complete *System Handle* set for the *Integration Service* is currently composed of the following protocols:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The complete **System Handles** set for *Integration Service* is currently composed of the following protocols:
```

* [WebSocket System Handle](https://github.com/eProsima/WebSocket-SH)

> Additionally, creating a *System Handle* is a relatively easy task and allows to integrate a new

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Additionally, creating a **System Handle** is a relatively easy task and allows to integrate a new
```

> protocol to the *Integration System* infrastructure, meaning that this new protocol will automatically

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
protocol to the *Integration System* infrastructure, which automatically provides the new protocol
```

> be granted with communication capabilities with all of the middlewares and protocols aforementioned above.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
with communication capabilities towards all of the aforementioned middlewares and protocols.
```

For more information, please refer to the [System Handle creation tutorial](<!-- TODO: ADD LINK TO SH CREATION TUTORIAL -->) available in the official documentation.

# Compilation flags

> The *Integration Service* uses `CMake` for building and packaging the project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Integration Service* uses `CMake` for building and packaging the project.
```

There are several CMake flags, which can be tuned during the configuration step:

> * `BUILD_TESTS`: When compiling the *Integration Service*, use the `-DBUILD_TESTS=ON` CMake option

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `BUILD_TESTS`: When compiling *Integration Service*, use the `-DBUILD_TESTS=ON` CMake option
```

  to compile both the unitary tests for the [Integration Service Core](core/) and the unitary

>   and integration tests for all of the *System Handles* present in the *colcon* workspace:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  and integration tests for all the **System Handles** present in the `colcon` workspace:
```

  ```bash
  ~/is_ws$ colcon build --cmake-args -DBUILD_TESTS=ON
  ```

* `BUILD_EXAMPLES`: Allows to compile utilities that can be used for the several provided

>   usage examples for the *Integration Service*, located under the [examples/utils](examples/utils/) folder.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  usage examples for *Integration Service*, located under the [examples/utils](examples/utils/) folder.
```

>   This applications can be used to test the *Integration Service* with some of the provided YAML configuration

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  These applications can be used to test the *Integration Service* with some of the provided YAML configuration
```

  files, which are located under the [examples/basic](examples/basic) directory:

  ```bash
  ~/is_ws$ colcon build --cmake-args -DBUILD_EXAMPLES=ON
  ```
  <details>
  <summary>Up to this time, the following user application examples are available: <i>(click to expand)</i></summary>

  * `DDSHelloWorld`: A simple publisher/subscriber application, running under [Fast DDS](https://fast-dds.docs.eprosima.com/).
    It publishes or subscribes to a simple string topic, named *HelloWorldTopic*. To compile it,

>     besides using colcon, the following commands can be executed:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    besides using colcon, the following commands need to be executed:
```

Author: There is no need if you already used colcon using the -DBUILD_EXAMPLES flag because it should automatically compile the example for you. This is an alternative to colcon, I am going to rephrase a little bit

Reviewer 2: Ok. Something like. "As an alternative to colcon, in order to compile the `DDSHelloWorld` example, you can execute the following commands:"

Author: done

    ```bash
    ~/is_ws$ cd examples/utils/DDSHelloWorld
    ~/is_ws/examples/utils/DDSHelloWorld$ mkdir build
    ~/is_ws/examples/utils/DDSHelloWorld$ cd build
    ~/is_ws/examples/utils/DDSHelloWorld/build$ cmake ..
    ~/is_ws/examples/utils/DDSHelloWorld$ make
    ```

>     The resulting executable will be located within the `build` folder, and named `DDSHelloWorld`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The resulting executable will be located inside the `build` folder, and named `DDSHelloWorld`.
```

  </details>

# Documentation

> The official documentation for the *eProsima Integration Service* is hosted on Read the Docs,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The official documentation for *eProsima Integration Service* is hosted by Read the Docs,
```

> and composed of the following sections:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and comprises the following sections:
```
